Update SAV reference documentation (#166)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/xls-65d-single-asset-vault/reference/vault.md

[[Source]](https://github.com/Bronek/rippled/blob/vault/include/xrpl/protocol/detail/ledger_entries.macro#L465-L486 "Source")

A {% code-page-name /%} object defines the state of a tokenized vault. It contains key details such as available assets, shares, total value, and other relevant information. You can create a {% code-page-name /%} object with the [VaultCreate](./transactions/vaultcreate.md)  transaction.

The {% code-page-name /%} object is tracked in an [Owner Directory](https://xrpl.org/directorynode.html) owned by the Vault Owner account.

> Additionally, to facilitate `Vault` object lookup, the object is tracked in the `OwnerDirectory` of the vault's `pseudo-account`.

Reviewer: `OwnerDirectory` is not a literal used anywhere in the API or the code. (The actual code name used is `DirectoryNode` which is used for a single page of any of several types of directory.)

I think `pseudo-account` is not a literal from the code, either, so it's better to link it to the concept description than to put it in code font.

```suggestion
Additionally, to facilitate `Vault` object lookup, the object is tracked in the owner directory of the vault's [pseudo-account](../concepts/pseudo-account.md).
```
